---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dfcloud_datastore Resource - terraform-provider-dfcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Dragonfly datastore resource.
---

# dfcloud_datastore (Resource)

Manages a Dragonfly datastore resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location configuration for the datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String) The name of the datastore.
- `tier` (Attributes) The tier configuration for the datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tier))

### Optional

- `cluster` (Attributes) The cluster configuration for the datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster))
- `disable_pass_key` (Boolean) Disable the passkey for the datastore.
- `dragonfly` (Attributes) Dragonfly-specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dragonfly))
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) The maintenance window configuration for the datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network the datastore should be placed into.

### Read-Only

- `addr` (String) The address of the datastore.
- `created_at` (Number) The timestamp when the datastore was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of the datastore.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the datastore.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Required:

- `provider` (String) The provider for the datastore location.
- `region` (String) The region for the datastore location.

Optional:

- `availability_zones` (List of String) The availability zones for the datastore location.


<a id="nestedatt--tier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tier`

Required:

- `max_memory_bytes` (Number) The maximum memory (in bytes) for the datastore.
- `performance_tier` (String) The performance tier for the datastore.

Optional:

- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas for the datastore. Default is 0.


<a id="nestedatt--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster`

Optional:

- `shard_memory` (Number) The cluster shard memory.


<a id="nestedatt--dragonfly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dragonfly`

Optional:

- `acl_rules` (List of String, Sensitive) List of ACL rules.
- `bullmq` (Boolean) Enable BullMQ compatibility.
- `cache_mode` (Boolean) Enable cache mode for memory management.
- `memcached` (Boolean) Enable Memcached protocol.
- `sidekiq` (Boolean) Enable Sidekiq compatibility.
- `tls` (Boolean) Enable TLS.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `duration_hours` (Number) DurationHours is the duration of the maintenance window in hours. 0 means maintenance is always allowed.
- `hour` (Number) The hour of the day to start the maintenance window. 0-23.
- `weekday` (Number) The day of the week to start the maintenance window. 0-6, 0 is Sunday.
